Add Python set.clear() term (#4807)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/sets/terms/clear/clear.md

> ---
> Title: 'clear()' 
> Description: 'Removes all elements in the set.'
> Subjects: 
>   - 'Code Foundation'
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   
> Tags:
>  - 'Methods'
>  - 'Sets'
>  - 'Functions'
>   
> CatalogContent: 
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.clear()' 
Description: 'Removes all elements from the set.'
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
 - 'Methods'
 - 'Sets'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: Modifications: Removed the line spacing, and reframed the description to "Removes all elements from the set."

Author: Edited "'Removes all elements **in** the set." to  "Removes all elements **from** the set."

> [The **clear()** method removes all elements in a python set and does not return any values. When using the `clear()` method, the set remains even after all elements in it are removed.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python, the **`.clear()`** method removes all elements from a set and does not return any value. After using the `.clear()` method, the set itself remains, but it is empty.
```

Reviewer: The first instance of the term should be wrapped within backticks (` `) and bold ticks, which means this is how it should look: **`.clear()`**.
Also, reframed the sentence for better readability.

Author: OK. Addressed in edited file.

## Syntax

`set.clear()`

> - The `clear()` method does not have any parameters.
> - The `clear()` method does not return any values.
> - The `clear()` method does not delete the set, it only removes elements inside the set.
> 
> [!NOTE:] To editors: Should this description under syntax be removed? It kind of repeats the description above, but I thought this emphasize made it even clearer.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: These points can be removed from here, since they are already covered in the introductory paragraph.

Author: Noted. Removed this section from the edited file.

## Example

> In the example below, the `clear()` method is used to clear all elements in the set `pets` resulting in the removal of all listed elements in the set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `.clear()` method is used to remove all elements from the `pets` set, leaving it empty:
```

Author: Updated text with suggested changes.

```py

>  pets ={"cats","dogs","hamsters","lizards","turtles"}
>  pets.clear()
>  print(pets)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pets ={"cats", "dogs", "hamsters", "lizards", "turtles"}
pets.clear()
print(pets)
```

Reviewer: Python will result in Indentation error here, so removed the extra spaces at the start.

Author: Removed the extra spaces.

```
The resulting output will look like this:

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

Reviewer: For the output display, we use the ```shell block

Author: OK. Changed from **py** to **shell** block.

>  pets()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 set()
```

Reviewer: The output will just denote an empty set without the name

Author: Edited from **pets()** to **set()**.

```

## Codebyte Example (if applicable)

> ```py 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/python
```

Author: Edited **py** to **codebyte/python**.

 #Specify set of pets
 pets ={"cats","dogs","hamsters","lizards","turtles"}
 print("pets:", pets)
 #Remove elements in pets
 pets.clear()

>  print(pets)

Reviewer: Can we change this example? Since a similar one is used for the above block as well.

Author: Changed example to cat breeds instead.
